WIP BXMSDOC-5985: Null fields description for REST API response (#62)
hmanwani-rh/kie-docs: doc-content/shared-kie-docs/src/main/asciidoc/KieServer/kie-server-rest-api-requests-proc.adoc

* *HTTP Headers*: Set the following headers:
** `Accept`: `application/json`
** `Content-Type`: `application/json`
+

> NOTE: When you add `field=not_null` in the `Content_Type`, then the null fields are excluded from the REST API response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When you add `field=not_null` to `Content-Type`, the null fields are excluded from the REST API response.
```
"Content-Type" uses hyphens in other instances in this doc, not underscores.
Minimalism - I would remove "then" from "then the" as it is redundant. 
Minimalism - I would replace "in the" with "to" but thats just me.

Author: Done, changed it

> NOTE: When you add `field=not_null` in the `Content_Type`, then the null fields are excluded from the REST API response.

Reviewer 2: typo, "fields" instead of "field"
```suggestion
NOTE: When you add `fields=not_null` in the `Content-Type`, the null fields are excluded from the REST API response.
```

Author: Done, fixed it

* `-H`: Set the following headers:
** `Accept`: `application/json`
** `Content-Type`: `application/json`
+

> NOTE: When you add `field=not_null` in the `Content_Type`, then the null fields are excluded from the REST API response.

Reviewer: See previous comment.

Reviewer 2: Same here

```suggestion
NOTE: When you add `fields=not_null` in the `Content-Type`, the null fields are excluded from the REST API response.
```

Author: Done, fixed it
